3 August 1993

CELP 3.2a Release

Dear CELPers,

We have placed an updated version of the FS-1016 CELP 3.2 code in the
anonymous FTP area on super.org (192.31.192.1).  It's in:

  /pub/celp_3.2a.tar.Z (please be sure to do the ftp in binary mode).

This is essentially the PC release that was on fumar, except that we
started directly from the PC disks.  The value added is that we have
made over 69 corrections and fixes.  Most of these were necessary
because of the 8 character file name limit on DOS, but there are some
others, as well.

The code (C, FORTRAN, diskio) all has been built and tested on a Sun4
under SunOS4.1.3.  If you want to run it somewhere else, then you may
have to do a bit of work.  (A Solaris 2.x-compatible release is
planned soon.)

[One note to PCers.  The files:
[
[       cbsearch.F celp.F csub.F mexcite.F psearch.F
[
[are meant to be passed through the C preprocessor (cpp).
[We gather that DOS (or whatever it's called) can't distinguish 
[the .F from a .f.  Be careful!

Very limited support is available from the authors (Joe, et al.).
Please do not send questions or suggestions without first reading the
documentation (README files, the Technical Information Bulletin, etc.).
The authors would enjoy hearing from you, but they have limited time
for support and would like to use it as efficiently as possible.  They
welcome bug reports, but, again, please read the documentation first.
All users of FS-1016 CELP software are strongly encouraged to acquire
the latest release (version 3.2a as of this writing).

We do not know how long we will be able to leave the software on this
site, but it should be _at_least_ through 1 October 1993 (if you find
it missing, please drop me (Craig) a note).  Please try to get the
software during off hours (8 p.m. - 7 a.m. Eastern Standard time) or
folks here might complain and we'll have to get rid of the code (if
that happens, we'll try to pass it on to someone else, who can put it
on the net).  We would be more than happy for someone to copy it and
make it available elsewhere.

Good Luck,

Craig F. Reese  (cfreese@super.org)
IDA/Supercomputing Research Center

Joe Campbell (jpcampb@afterlife.ncsc.mil)
Department of Defense

P.S.  Just so you all know, I (Craig) am not actually involved in
CELP work.  I mainly got with Joe to help make the software available
on the Internet.  In the course of doing so, I cleaned up much of it,
but I am not, by any stretch, a CELP expert and will most likely
be unable to answer any technical questions concerning it. ;^)

